pwd --> present working directory.
ls --> list all files,folder.
ls -al --> list everything including hidden files.

Local git repo(.git) to Github.....
Means that local to global repository.
First, we have to create a Github account on Github.
Suppose, we want to three .py files.
First, we created it.
Named as login.py,logout.py,cart.py files.
As our main motto is to upload our files to Distributed Vesion Control System(DVCS) like Github then we have to create a local git repository.
We can create our global or cloud git repository by using our user name, email, password.
It should be vaild as git should know which user is doing these changes for keeping track of all the records.
Now suppose, we made some changes to 3 .py files.
As before pushing to Github we have to make available these 3 files to local git repo so we have to first instantiate git folder by some commands.
Then make available these files to .git which is a local git repo by some commands.
Then we have to confirm that by committing to .git repo.
Then we can see see the status of .git folder by some commands.
Can eveluate the diiderences that we made to a particular file by some commands.
And also track all the records by log commands.
Afte we are set to done with our local repo then we can push them to global repository which is Github in our case.
We can do it by push commands.



Commands...
touch login.py logout.py cart.py.
nano login.py.
nano logout.py.
nano cart.py.
cat login.py.
cat logout.py.
cat cart.py.
git status.
git config --global user.name user_name.
git config --global user.email email@gmail.com.
git config --global user.password user_password.
git config --global --list.
git add login.py.
git add .(means all files) .
git diff login.py.
git commit login.py -m "Message as per as user choice".
git commit .(means all files) -m "Message as per as user choice".
git log login.py.
git log .(means all files) .
git remote -v.
git remote add origin "url_link" of Github Account Repo. which has already created on Github page.
git push -u(means stream or Github) origin master.



GitHub to Local repository.....
First we have to make a repository on local machine where we want to store that Github repo.
Then we have to clone the "url_link" of that cloud/Github repo by some commands. 
Then its done.
If we check our desired local repo then we can see that Github repo is stored on local machine.


Commands...
mkdir local_git.
git clone "url_link".





